Docs update (#322)
NOAA-CSL/MELODIES-MONET: docs/develop/development_team.rst

to aircraft observations, and expanding plotting and statistics for analysis 
of aircraft data.

**Jun Zhang:**
I am a postdoc at NSF NCAR/ACOM. My research interests are at the UTLS region.
I am hoping to add cross-section plots (lat vs height) and also to incorporate MLS data
for comparison.

**Pablo Lichtig:**
I am a postdoc at NSF NCAR/ACOM. My development plans include adding TEMPO support,
working with remote sensing instruments from the surface and adding support for BoulderAir

> and other surface networks.

Reviewer: @blychs  Please find my info for for development_team.rst:

Quazi Ziaur Rasool

I am a research scientist at CIRES/NOAA CSL helping with MELODIES-MONET development. My development plans include incorporating new comparisons (already tested)  for aircraft observation datasets such as FIREX, ASIA-AQ
AEROMMA with model output from WRF-Chem (regional), UFS-AQM (global); and expanding the analysis of model-aircraft comparisons with new visualizations (for e.g., curtain plots, spatial plots along aircraft tracks, vertical profiles, time series with altitude) and new observations or model data pairing of interest.

with new visualizations (for e.g., curtain plots, spatial plots along aircraft tracks,
vertical profiles, time series with altitude) and new observations or model data pairing of
interest.

**Beiming Tang**

> Dr. Beiming Tang is a postdoc at NOAA Air Resources Laboratory. His research focus on develop NOAA’s Atmospheric Composition forecast model by advance AI techniques; Melodies-Monet development; and support UFS-AQM evaluations.
> For the development of Melodies-Monet, Beiming created surface multi-box plot, scorecard, and CSI plots, and ozone-sonder plots and TolNet plots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dr. Beiming Tang is a postdoc at NOAA Air Resources Laboratory.
His research focuses on developing NOAA's Atmospheric Composition forecast model by advancing AI techniques, MELODIES MONET development, and supporting UFS-AQM evaluations.
For the development of MELODIES MONET, Beiming created surface multi-box plot, scorecard, and CSI plots, and ozonesonde plots and TOLNet plots.
```
